Make clear that the two example templates must be used together (#48305)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/unified-alerting/message-templating/_index.md

> ### Custom template examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example of a custom template
```

> Here's an examples of how to use custom templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of how to use a custom template. You can also use the default template included in the setup.
```

{{ end }}
```

> After you save these two templates, use `mymessage` in the notification message field:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After saving these two templates, use `mymessage` in the notification message field:
```
